c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia.dll.config
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia.pdb
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\obj\Debug\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\obj\Debug\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia\obj\Debug\SinglePageProjectSmartMedia.pdb
